Brannon just you know what do you bring
to the Ravens in your estimation hard
work and just you know relentless you
know Louis effort and just you know I
want to be that guy who you know you
know once you use media hype you know I
just want everybody else is just I feed
off that you know I want the you know
the you know a great leader you know
going all my time come just to be you
know be the best I can of the field and
give it back after the Ravens can you
talk about the Senior Bowl in when you
went up against some of the better
competition you know what that was like
for you did you feel like it was a big
leaguer not doctor like this was a big
leap real you know I was new like to
play SF talent and level I just had to
prove to himself that I could do it you
know I always believed myself you know
every step of the way
and you know it's it just gave me an
opportunity to just you know show show
my stock me show so much Allen and you
know show that I belong so I have the
happy to score I didn't have the I
didn't have the GPA for someone school
for year and after school and it really
came back up school so I had me to
choose you know Community College or d2
and like I don't want to go to college
because I think you're lost in the
shuffle over there so my head coach from
on high school called me was a list of
d2 colleges universities and Missouri
Southern was on that list and you know
it was my first visit to Missouri stuff
and then soon as I got there and you
know I had with on eaters me on the head
I had school had an education and they
had football and I love their Linda
and practically I was down Saturday and
started school at Monday morning it's
just been in the office as a journey and
it's been a tough road but you know it's
been a great journey and I wouldn't you
know trade this for anything in the
world
did you have a lot of teams that were
interested in you after that Senior Bowl
performance yes sir I did
but the rate was our alma mater nation
you the most interest or how interested
were they did you think you're gonna
come here
actually yes there's labels actually
shows watch school fight a few times and
it was you know I just I was loving
Georgia really I was like I think I
could be irate enough I want to be
racist yeah lovely do you rate I was
beyond that she sent I know I'm a skated
I'm not this to it and that's exactly
what I feel like I am and yeah I
definitely want to be Raven hey brandy
so they get a private workout for you at
school did you do a combo meeting or a
visit - no I didn't get a private
workout or is it the idea I tell the
reason to slam I was just able but I
didn't get like a interview a formal
interview with them